README.md, before:

# SaveMapLocation
App allowing saving location selected from map.

Allows:
- browsing list of saved locations and displaying it on map,
- removing saved location with swipe,
- displaying location on google map.

Used technologies:
- recycler view,
- floating action button,
- remove list element on swipe left,
- updating list view,
- shared preferences,
- location service listeners,
- checking for and asking for permissions,
- Google Play services.

List of saved locations          |  Saved location | Save location screen
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
<img src="SaveMapLocationStartScreen.png" width="200" height="400">  | <img src="SaveMapLocationSavedLocation.png" width="200" height="400"> | <img src="SaveMapLocationSaveMap.png" width="200" height="400"> 

<h3>Save new location</h3>
</br>
<img src="SaveMapLocationCreateNew.gif" width="200" height="400">
</br>
<h3>Open saved location</h3>
</br>
<img src="SaveMapLocationOpenSavedLocation.gif" width="200" height="400">
</br>
<h3>Remove saved location</h3>
</br>
<img src="SaveMapLocationRemoveItem.gif" width="200" height="400">

Commit message:

Updated read me.
Added info about view binding for finding views.

README.md, after:

# SaveMapLocation
App allowing saving location selected from map.

Allows:
- browsing list of saved locations and displaying it on map,
- removing saved location with swipe,
- displaying location on google map.

Used technologies:
- recycler view,
- floating action button,
- remove list element on swipe left,
- updating list view,
- shared preferences,
- location service listeners,
- checking for and asking for permissions,
- Google Play services,
- finding views from layout with view binding.

List of saved locations          |  Saved location | Save location screen
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
<img src="SaveMapLocationStartScreen.png" width="200" height="400">  | <img src="SaveMapLocationSavedLocation.png" width="200" height="400"> | <img src="SaveMapLocationSaveMap.png" width="200" height="400"> 

<h3>Save new location</h3>
</br>
<img src="SaveMapLocationCreateNew.gif" width="200" height="400">
</br>
<h3>Open saved location</h3>
</br>
<img src="SaveMapLocationOpenSavedLocation.gif" width="200" height="400">
</br>
<h3>Remove saved location</h3>
</br>
<img src="SaveMapLocationRemoveItem.gif" width="200" height="400">
